all the works continue a few kilometers from corleone surpassed plane
of the Albanians and door of the broom symbol of the Mafia war
we meet another group of boys
they are scouts come from padova they work in the riding school called giuseppe di
Matthew, an 11-year-old boy, victim of the ferocity of Giovanni Brusca
the father santino the repentant who revealed the secrets of the massacre of capable
the night in a tent and the work day
discount system fence among dry horse stables 5
scaligera things so it doesn't defeat the infectious holy mass disease though
value can have
toe the value of rediscovering and legality and therefore
the value of the lira for right of what is the respect of the law
Hello
the boys alternate work and riding at the nearby agriturismo
where you sell the products you love is free text
in the complex and among the cooperatives only the Messano oven working at around 60
people
for us
work
our strongly remain to give this land a chance
the voice of the sea
I had to start somehow catarratta rt I made the same plan
the best thing is some meeting of the people who
have made some important important choices
and these choices I really testify to them
what does legality mean? what does commitment mean?
what does it mean and make deep choices
in the case of the meeting with relatives of the victims of the Mafia
people like vincenzo agostino crime killed his son
antonino cocoon police officers of just 28 years
with him fell his wife giovanna ida castellucci who had 20 leaders in
China
thus the joy of becoming now was also linked to vincenzo
from us
family
nothing has changed
despite all vincenzo trust initiatives like this
me with my lady next door
we can say these days
that they must take
in hand
definition
and therefore they must take it in hand
once the cart is shortly reached
she is sure to stay true to her promise until they stop
the killers of Antonino and his young wife
fake leather beard
it's an oath I made
on the bales tell me my son love
that seem
the truth and justice nomentana roma looks at the hair